Publish Unit 0, Unit 1 and Bonus Unit 1 (#99)
huggingface/deep-rl-class: units/en/unit1/introduction.mdx

# Introduction to Deep Reinforcement Learning [[introduction-to-deep-reinforcement-learning]]

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/unit1/thumbnail.jpg" alt="Unit 1 thumbnail" width="100%">

Welcome to the most fascinating topic in Artificial Intelligence: **Deep Reinforcement Learning.**

Deep RL is a type of Machine Learning where an agent learns **how to behave** in an environment **by performing actions** and **seeing the results.**

So in this first chapter, **you'll learn the foundations of Deep Reinforcement Learning.**

> Then, you'll **train your Deep Reinforcement Learning agent, a lunar lander to land correctly on the Moon** using <a href="https://stable-baselines3.readthedocs.io/en/master/"> Stable-Baselines3 </a> a Deep Reinforcement Learning library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you'll **train your Deep Reinforcement Learning agent, a lunar lander to land correctly on the Moon** using <a href="https://stable-baselines3.readthedocs.io/en/master/"> Stable-Baselines3 </a>, a Deep Reinforcement Learning library.

```

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/unit1/lunarLander.gif" alt="LunarLander">

And finally, you'll **upload this trained agent to the Hugging Face Hub 🤗, a free, open platform where people can share ML models, datasets, and demos.**

It's essential **to master these elements** before diving into implementing Deep Reinforcement Learning agents. The goal of this chapter is to give you solid foundations.

> So let's get started! 🚀

Reviewer: Exciting!

# Introduction to Deep Reinforcement Learning [[introduction-to-deep-reinforcement-learning]]

TODO: ADD IMAGE THUMBNAIL

Welcome to the most fascinating topic in Artificial Intelligence: **Deep Reinforcement Learning.**

> Deep RL is a type of Machine Learning where an agent learns **how to behave** in an environment **by performing actions** and **seeing the results.**

Reviewer 2: No I'm sorry but it's the formal scientific definition I won't change it. We talk about robots that see or sometimes just perceived if it's through raycast, that learns to walk etc.

> So in this first chapter, **you'll learn the foundations of Deep Reinforcement Learning.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this first unit, **you'll learn the foundations of Deep Reinforcement Learning.**

```

So in this first chapter, **you'll learn the foundations of Deep Reinforcement Learning.**

Then, you'll **train your first two Deep Reinforcement Learning agents** using <a href="https://stable-baselines3.readthedocs.io/en/master/"> Stable-Baselines3 </a> a Deep Reinforcement Learning library.:

1. A Lunar Lander agent that will learn to **land correctly on the Moon 🌕**

> 2. A car that needs **to reach the top of the mountain ⛰️ **.

Reviewer 2: :heavy_check_mark:

TODO: Add illustration MountainCar and MoonLanding

> And finally, you'll **upload it to the Hugging Face Hub 🤗, a free, open platform where people can share ML models, datasets, and demos.**

Reviewer 2: :heavy_check_mark:
